Oh. wait. Wait. Zoe.
-What happened?
-She's been poisoned.
- What?
- I have to assume I'm hot.
There's an antidote.
but they've got it.
My only chance is
to let 'em take me.
The deal is off.
Someone has moved against me.
I have not
the time to determine
whether you are part of it.
So I will assume it
and proceed accordingly.
Zoe?
Harold Harper sent me
to make sure you're okay.
Are you coming?
Hello. Marion.
I know about the cartel.
I know about
the Meshbahar Deposit.
Faraz Hamzad would not
entertain any of our offers.
To exploit the Meshbahar Deposit
for years. decades.
and to keep it stable. you
need another kind of partner.
I was helping you rescue
Parwana Hamzad.
because I wanted you to
introduce me to Parwana Hamzad.
Dad?
Yeah.
Can you take
me off speaker?
Yeah. I'm... I'm here.
I need you to do
something for me.
What is it?
I need you to accept this.
Why this is happening.
Why it happened.
I found something here.
This family is important to me.
That much is true.
And this is not a rejection
of you or of Mom.
That much is also true.
Promise me that you're gonna
find a way to accept this.
I need to know that
you're not gonna spend
the rest of your life
resenting this.
Or resenting me for this.
Or resenting this family
for this.
I'm asking you to accept that
this is something that I wanted.
Can you do that for me?
- Can you do that
for me. please?
Shit. Shit.
No. wait!
I'm the only Hamzad.
I'm the only Hamzad!
Faraz Hamzad is dead.
I am his daughter.
Who are they?
No one
who matters to you.
He had a sister.
but you just killed her.
So I am the only one left
who knew his business.
Leave them alone.
and I will help you.
Help me?
How?
I will tell you
everything you want to know
about this place.
How it works.
where things are hidden.
The things you will need to know
that will take you
forever to find out.
I will tell you.
I have orders
to separate the family.
To eliminate them.
No one will know you're here.
If you lie.
no one will see you again.
Write what you know.
How can I be sure
the others are safe?
The Russians.
They lost the mine.
- Yes.
- To who?
It's unclear.
Well. maybe. But that's not
what they just said to you.
Not all of it.
Who took the mine?
A particularly determined group
of local fighters
seems to have eliminated
the Russians at the site.
Yeah. And?
There are rumors
that they were led by a woman.
An American woman.
Angela.
Angela's alive.
Yes. but maybe not for long.
Pavlovich is summoning reserves
from as far as Central Africa.
Every man in his army
to take the area back.
Well. you-you can
stop that happening.
And why would I want to do that?
Because you know
it was a mistake
to involve him
in the first place.
You know
that Angela would be
a better partner
for you in the long run.
You told me that
she would never side with me.
You told me that you would never
even permit me to try.
Her life is at stake.
I think Johnny's life
might be at stake.
There might not be any limit
to what I would do now.
You know. you really have
got sharper. Harold.
I'm sure that isn't true.
but just for a moment.
I actually found myself
believing you.
Help me end this.
We can fight about
what happens after that.
After that.
End it how?
Do you think he's dead?
It's impossible to know.
I know.
I'm asking if
you think he's dead.
What difference does it make
what I think if I don't know?
Because one way you might
help me find him and save him.
And the other way
you just pretend to help me
for as long as you need me
to help you kill Pavlovich.
I gave you my word.
I may be new at this.
but I know enough
to know what that's worth.
The Old Man did that thing
with you. didn't he?
What thing?
His bullshit about
a knife in one hand
that's like your empathy
and in the other...
It's something in the other.
Ruthlessness.
Yes. That.
You're saying it isn't true?
For him? Too true.
I knew I couldn't trust a word
that came out of his mouth.
Or maybe it took
a lot of practice
to know which words to trust.
Either way. that's the role
the game asked him to play.
Fucking serpent.
And there was no one better.
But the Old Man knew any word
that came out of my mouth
was written in stone.
That's my role in the game.
Help me get to Pavlovich.
I'll help you find Dan Chase.
Yeah.
Copy that.
We're ten minutes out.
Whatever you're gonna do.
do it quickly.
He's closing in on the target.
What do you wanna do?
I'm not asking you
to do anything
you don't want done already.
Even if Pavlovich can
get himself out of this mess.
how long before the next mess
ends up being something
impossible for you to clean up?
Impossible to unwind?
Impossible.
For a man like you. that word
should be so hard to find.
and yet it's always
been so available to you.
To cultivate Angela Adams
is impossible.
To do clandestine work and
raise a family is impossible.
I'm impossible to understand.
to please. to trust.
What an ambitious
young thing she is.
How could I ever?
Your default to absolutes was
always the part of you
I found hardest to understand.
Your aversion to them was mine.
Some things should be absolute.
What things?
The things we owe
people we love.
They should be constant.
They should be inviolable.
And the sacrifices that you
would make for Angela's sake.
Those are inviolable to you too?
Yes.
No matter what it's
about to cost you?
You could have been
a great man. Harold...
were you not so frightened
of disappointing anyone.
Fuck you.
We're moving.
I'll have instructions
for you shortly
how to approach the target.
Conference guest.
Are you on-site?
We're here.
There's a lot of guys
with guns here.
This goes bad. it's gonna
go real bad. real fast.
Stand by.
Something's happening here.
What happened?
The security detail
of the Chinese delegation
has asked all the other
delegates to ask their details
to pretend that you don't
exist for the next 15 minutes.
Pavlovich is in cabana 14
with his detail.
That's seven men. They're
unaware of your arrival.
Do it and get out.
Copy that. Stand by.
What can I do?
Nothing.
I'll locate the target
and I'll give you the heads-up.
-What can I do?
-Nothing.
I'll keep one alive.
I'll do what I can to get
Chase's location from him.
but there isn't much time
to get him that antidote.
Then hurry.
They're leaving me
alone. For now. at least.
I'm moving towards the cabana.
- You there?
- Yeah.
I just saw two men. I think
they're heading toward you.
Copy.
Who the fuck are you?
Do you know who I am?
You're the guy
who killed the Old Man.
And I'm the guy who got you.
I got one of them here.
I'm gonna do the best I can
to get the location from him.
We don't need him.
I found it.
It's done.
My colleagues will
sort out the story.
Hmm.
You're ahead of me.
It died.
Harold.
I'm glad you came.
It was good to see you again.
You said it yourself.
You would never have let me
anywhere near Angela.
I'm sorry.
Yeah. I'll bet.
Oh. no.
Oh. shit.
Hey. Hey. Hey.
Oh. my God.
Okay.
I found him.
- Is he alive?
- I don't know.
You know how
to check his pulse?
-Beside the windpipe.
-Oh. Hold on.
I can't tell. M-Maybe.
Did you give
him the antidote?
No. On it.
Give him
all three doses.
- Yeah.
- And the yellow one.
Oh. Okay.
Oh. fuck.
Okay. Here we go.
Okay.
Did that do anything?
No.
You said
you know CPR. Do it.
All right. Here we go.
Here we go. I got this.
You're awake.
Where is this?
It's-It's a safe house.
It belonged to Morgan.
Nobody had used it
for a long time.
No-Nobody knows we're here.
How did you--
Had a little help
getting you here.
Harold?
Uh. No. No. um. Julian.
Morgan's partner.
But it's just been us
for a while now.
You've been in and out
the last few days.
I've been sitting still
too long.
No. no. no. We're safe here.
Oh. after what we did.
people are gonna come for us.
We're safe. We're safe.
No one knows we're here.
We got away.
No one...
No one knows?
Well. Julian knows.
But Morgan trusted him.
Harold?
No. no.
We didn't feel like it was
safe enough to reach out to him.
Maybe... Maybe one day.
Here. drink.
There's one more. isn't there?
Yeah. there's one more.
He's my kid.
and no one can trace him to me.
Anyone who'd wanna find us
doesn't even know
Zoe McDonald exists.
I was careful.
Before Julian left. I made sure
I knew how to make sure.
- This place is an island.
- Okay.
- Thank you.
We're safe.
We can stay here as long
as we need. As long as we want.
You wanna stay here
with me for a while?
When I was a little girl.
I was afraid of the dark...
and all the things
I couldn't see.
The hopeful things that were
promised on faith alone...
and stories...
I never trusted them.
I couldn't imagine
how anyone ever could.
Because
in that darkness ahead.
what else was lurking?
I've always been certain
there was always something else
out in the dark.
But this-- this...
feels different.
With your dad. I always felt
like I-I needed to defend myself
from-from whatever was going
to reveal itself
out of the unknown.
whatever might be hiding
around every corner.
And
you don't feel that now?
No.
No. I don't.
You sound happy. Mom.
You deserve that.
Maybe I'll get
to meet him sometime.
Have you seen my glasses?
- What?
- My glasses.
I feel like I just had 'em.
I keep losing things. It's like
there are goblins in this house.
Unlikely.
Hey.
Oh. shit.
You're losing your edge.
Don't joke.
Is something
concerning you?
No.
I think that
might be the problem.
There's so many things
to be concerned about.
We left the world full
of questions without answers.
There's been nothing in the news
about the cartel because w-what?
It-It fell apart?
Because we were misled
about how close it was?
Because we're still the only
people who know about it?
Did the spook that you met
at the British police station...
Did he tell any of his friends?
Could anything stop them
from finding us if he did?
There's a German word
that escapes me
for an idea that pretends
not to be seen
because once
it's acknowledged.
nobody can pretend
it isn't true.
I wish I could remember.
If these are things
to be concerned about.
why do you think
you've been ignoring them?
Because I don't want
this to change.
I don't want this to end.
This is Zoe.
Zoe. this is my daughter. Emily.
So nice to finally meet you.
Nice to meet you too.
It wasn't easy finding you.
I'm so sorry. We thought...
It's okay. It's okay.
I'm just really glad
you're here.
I'm really glad
that you're okay.
Are you okay?
I'm here.
I'm in one piece.
I'll tell you all about it.
okay? I really will.
Mmm.
I want you to know...
but not now.
Now time is short.
and I need your help.
You two have been
pretty isolated here.
So. you don't know about
what happened to Harold. do you?
What happened?
He's gone.
Gone?
He went to see his ex-wife
to get her help
to save you and I both.
She has him somewhere.
and she's trying to use him
to bargain for control
of the Meshbahar deposit.
Bargain with who?
I thought it was taken
from Pavlovich by some.
you know. yahoos in the valley.
In a manner of speaking.
Who controls the deposit now?
Me.
And what remains of the family.
I've been asked
to speak for them.
to help decide what to do.
Marion is using Harold
to fuck with me.
And I don't wanna be
fucked with.
Not now and not about this.
So I'm going to get him back.
and I need you
in order to do it.
Yeah. Yes.
You're gonna get me what I need?
Yes.
No matter what I ask?
Mm-mmm. Yes. of course.
I need access to Lou Barlow.
I need you to help me
get inside Marion's armor.
Lou Barlow had the connections
to do that.
It's the only way to do it.
Harold's life is hanging
in the balance.
I know that you may not wanna
open that door again.
but I need you to.
Who is Lou Barlow?
Dad. please.
Will you help me?
Well. of course
I'm gonna help you.
There are better ways
to do this.
I can show you. Em. I promise.
Who is Lou Barlow?
I was.
And what did you do?
You-You told me about
what you used to do.
You told me about
the ugliest violence.
-What else could this be?
-Yeah.
No. I told you some
of the things I used to do.
Some things.
But there are things
that are uglier than violence.
Em. we're gonna get him back.
I will stop at nothing to do it.
I will find a way.
I've already found a way. Dad.
There are better ways
to get to Marion.
This is the way to do it.
- Emily--
- This is the best way to do it.
I've known Marion
since before you were born.
You're gonna have to trust me.
This is the way
that I want to do it.
Harold Harper sacrificed
himself for you and for me.
All I'm asking of you is to do
what you taught me to do.
To do what we owe him.
To save his life.
And you wanna debate
about whether or not
it might be
too unpleasant to try?
No...
...we're not debating.
No. we aren't.
The only thing
I can't figure out...
are you saying no
because you don't wanna do
what it would take
or because you don't want her
to see you do it?
- Mmm.
- Who is that?
They're here to get us. Zoe.
and take us to a plane
that I have waiting.
Get us?
Who is that. Emily?
I'm in control of
an irreplaceable thing.
There isn't a government
on Earth that doesn't need it.
That isn't terrified
of their enemies getting it.
So. when I ask for
a little help from the FBI
tapping Zoe's son's phone.
or finding you here.
or transporting you
out of the country...
Parwana Hamzad gets
whatever she wants.
Yeah.
she does.